Description:

    The Simple part handler is a sample which demonstrates basic 
    part handler implementation. It subclasses from ODPart and 
    shows the basics of registration, internalization, externalization,
    drawing, and event handling. It also supports the display of
    different view types (i.e. frame, small icon, large icon and thumbnail).

    The Simple part does not support containment of other frames
    within it. For an example of containment see the Base Container part
    sample.

Files:

    iodsimpl.rme   --  This file.
    iodsimpl.idl   --  SOM IDL definitions for SOM class SimplePart and
                       meta class M_SimplePart.
    iodsimpl.cpp   --  Class member functions
    iodsimpl.h     --  Header file
    iodsimpl.msg   --  English message file
    iodsimpl.ico   --  Icon file
    iodsimpd.ico   --  Document Icon File (NT only)
    iodsimpe.ico   --  Editor Icon File (NT only)
    iodsimps.ico   --  Stationery Icon File (NT only)
    iodsimpl.rc    --  Resource file
    iodsimpl.def   --  Library definitions
    makefile       --  NMAKE file (To build part run: nmake)

Usage:

    The Simple part handler supports the Document, View and Help menues 
    provided by the OpenDoc document shell. Because Simple part does not have 
    modifiable intrinsic content, it disables the Edit menu items. 

    The View In Window item of the View menu is enabled only when the part
    is embedded in a document. It is disabled when the part is displayed as a 
    root frame.

    Another way of displaying an embedded Simple part in its own window is to
    double click on the part with the left mouse button. This feature is 
    not supported on AIX.
                                  
    In addition to the supported menu items, Simple part owns a "Show As"
    popup menu. This popup menu allows the user to change the view type 
    displayed by the part. It is enabled only when the part is displayed in
    an embedded frame. To display the popup menu press the rightmost mouse 
    button while the part is active. 

    When an embedded SimplePart is displayed as an icon or thumbnail, it
    cannot be activated. It can only be selected. Once selected, the only
    way to change the view type of a part displayed as icon/thumbnail is
    through its Properties Notebook. To display the Properties Notebook
    of the part, select the part and choose the Selection Properties item
    of the Edit menu.
