Description:

    The Shape part handler is a sample which demonstrates the use of
    irregular shapes and the implementation of Undo/Redo. Because it 
    subclasses from SimplePart, it also supports any actions that the
    Simple part handles.

    When embedding a Shape part in a document it is displayed as a
    color filled circle/ellipse. The user may change the color of the
    circle by selecting a menu. This action may be undone or redone as 
    the user desires.

Files:

    iodshape.rme   --  This file.
    iodshape.idl   --  SOM IDL definitions for SOM class ShapePart and
                       meta class M_ShapePart.
    iodshape.cpp   --  Class member functions
    iodshape.h     --  Header file
    iodshape.msg   --  English message file
    iodshape.ico   --  Icon file
    iodshapd.ico   --  Document Icon File (NT only)
    iodshapt.ico   --  Editor Icon File (NT only)
    iodshaps.ico   --  Stationery Icon File (NT only)
    iodshape.rc    --  Resource file
    iodshape.def   --  Library definitions
    makefile       --  NMAKE file (To build part run: nmake)

Usage:

    When displayed as a root frame, the Shape part draws on the entire
    frame taking a rectangular shape. When embedded in a document, however,
    the Shape part is displayed as a color filled circle/ellipse.
    The frame itself is rectangular but the used shape (where the part
    draws) is circular. The frame region outside of the circle is 
    transparent and will not react to mouse events. Click on the colored
    area to activate the part.

    When active, Shape part adds a Background Color menu item to the
    Edit menu. Use this menu item to change the color of the
    shape drawn. It will display a color dialog from which the
    new color can be chosen.

    After the color of the Shape part has been changed once,
    an Undo Background Color menu item will appear in the Edit menu. 
    Choose this menu to undo the color change action. When the 
    color is changed multiple times, choosing this menu will undo one
    change of color at a time. This menu item will be disabled when 
    there are no more color changes to undo.

    After a color change has been undone once, a Redo Background Color
    menu item will appear in the Edit menu. Use this item to redo an 
    undone color change. This item will be disabled when there are no
    more undone color changes to redo.

